I wish to recognize me
hello this what you me miss I'm sorry I
have a good
anatomy what I wish to make a complex we
are closing for whenever my damn heart I
wish to complain about this power that I
bought not half an hour ago from this
very shop oh yes oh yes then I'll jump
blue what's wrong with him I will tell
you what's wrong with it
he's dead that is what is from with it
no no no he is not dead I know a dead
parrot when I see one
and I am looking at war right now no no
he is not bad now a jump blue remarkable
bed lovely blue means light he is done
dead no he is Lester he's ready right
and lo mr. Polly parrot I've got a
lovely coat of fish for you if you show
me they know you taught you who moved
the cage I never do you did I never did
anything like that er mr. Polly testing
testing testing testing this is your 9
o'clock alarm call see this is what I
call it that part is to eat yes as soon
as he was working off you stood him and
Marie de Loup stood easy have definitely
had enough
this parrot is definitely desist who
told me that his lack of movement was as
a result of it being tired and shut up I
seen his daughter full of squawk well
probably he is tied in but if we are
signing funny keyboard what kind of talk
is that
and why did it fall flat on his back the
moment I got it home don't use preface
keeping on is back remarkable bed isn't
that square lovely plumage I took the
liberty of a salmon in despair roads if
I got it home and I discovered that the
only reason why it's Alvin sitting on
his page because it has been HJ what yes
I knew him pay if I hadn't made that bad
day he should have not adopted this bass
bend them apart it is big boom-boom look
mate this bed wouldn't be if you put
four million volts through it is
bleeding demise
but he is tiny this looks fine on this
part is no role he assists d he lesson
is he says pattern country's makeup this
is teeth the rest of my if you hadn't
there less to the page who would have
been pushing to the daisies his
metabolic processes are no more Oh
he has joined the bleeding quasi
invisible as you can see this is not as
follows
what I do blizzy then
survey job I have had a look around the
back of the shop we are right out of
Paris I see I see I get the kitchen but
I got is normal free does it talk no not
there is hardly lot of placement isn't
it look I guess not
cow 1 mm sure why not hey yeah
you